feat: featured suggestions and faq suggestions (#397)
appbaseio/Docs: content/docs/reactivesearch/react/search/searchbox.md

    />
```

### enableFAQSuggestions

| Type | Optional |
|------|----------|
|  `bool` |   Yes   |

> Defaults to `false`. When set to `true`, shows frequent user queries which on click instantly shows the answer for the query. FAQs are set from the dashboard by creating a Searchbox. Hence they require a `searchboxId` to be passed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defaults to `false`. When set to `true`, show frequently asked user questions as configured via the ReactiveSearch dashboard. When this property is set as `true`, `searchboxId` is required to be passed.
```

When featured suggestions are enabled, set the value of the `searchboxId` to use for fetching them. This is configurable via [ReactiveSearch dashboard](https://dash.reactivesearch.io/) and the following [API endpoint](https://api.reactivesearch.io/#bdf8961b-322f-48f9-9562-c3e507fd0508).

### FAQSuggestionsConfig

| Type | Optional |
|------|----------|
|  `Object` |   Yes   |

Specify additional options for fetching featured suggestions.

It can accept the following keys:
- sectionLabel: `string` Label of the division under which all FAQ suggestions are shown

> - size: `number` maximum number of faq suggestions fetched per section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- size: `number` maximum number of FAQ suggestions to be fetched per section
```
